In 1999, a new animated series called Family Guy debuted on the Fox Network.
The show based much of its comedy on referential humor and recurring jokes, including one in
which Peter Griffin falls and hurts his knee.
Nineteen years later, this joke has re-emerged in a completely transformed society where
referential humor and recurring jokes dominate internet culture.
Family Guy as a TV show has always been a more edgy and less popular alternative to
The Simpsons, and the same dynamic applies to memes.
While Simpsons shitposting has found great success all over the web, ironic Family Guy
memes have been slowly building a cult following within fringe communities, but they have never
seen widespread use until now.
While this specific meme is still limited compared to something like Steamed Hams, it
has managed to spawn some wickedly creative edits, and I'm very interested to see where
Family Guy goes as a meme source in the future.
It's somewhat fitting to see that even after their heyday on television, Family Guy and
The Simpsons are still destined to be rivals, even in meme form.